Baseline indexer part1 (#25)
DiamondLightSource/fast-feedback-service: CMakeLists.txt

    GIT_TAG f362c4647e7b4bbfef8320040409560b5f90e9e0
)
FetchContent_MakeAvailable(argparse)

> if(EXISTS ${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/dx2) #a local copy e.g. for development
>     message("-- Using local dx2 subdirectory")
>     add_subdirectory(dx2)
> elseif(dx2_source)
>     message("-- Using dx2 located at ${dx2_source}")
>     add_subdirectory(${dx2_source})
> else()
>     message("-- Fetching dx2 from GitHub")
>     FetchContent_Declare(
>         dx2
>         GIT_REPOSITORY  https://github.com/dials/dx2
>         GIT_TAG 2654929bc73e0d699dfdfcc2d924c3454e434ccf
>     )
>     FetchContent_MakeAvailable(dx2)
> endif()

Reviewer: Okay, well, _some_ of your original survived, I think. Suggestion:
```suggestion

# Handle inclusion of dx2 dependency in a choice of several ways
set(dx2_SOURCE "" CACHE FILEPATH "Location of dx2 source directory")
set(_dx2_already_populated "${dx2_SOURCE_DIR}")
if(dx2_SOURCE)
    # Explicitly told where to find dx2
    add_subdirectory(${dx2_SOURCE} dx2)
    set(dx2_SOURCE_DIR "${dx2_SOURCE}")
elseif(EXISTS ${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/dx2)
    # dx2 exists as a local checkout
    add_subdirectory(dx2)
    set(dx2_SOURCE_DIR "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/dx2")
else()
    # Try finding an installed dx2, or fetch
    FetchContent_Declare(
        dx2
        GIT_REPOSITORY  https://github.com/dials/dx2
        GIT_TAG 2654929bc73e0d699dfdfcc2d924c3454e434ccf
        FIND_PACKAGE_ARGS
    )
    FetchContent_MakeAvailable(dx2)
endif()
# Only print a message when as a new action
if (NOT dx2_SOURCE_DIR STREQUAL _dx2_already_populated)
    message(STATUS "Found dx2: ${dx2_SOURCE_DIR}")
endif()
```
- Passed in cache vars are normally `PackageName_UPPERCASE`
- Made it a cache variable. This means that it can be seen/edited on e.g. `ccmake` or the GUI (which I don't think I've seen anyone use here). It apparently also takes care of converting relative/absolute with FILEPATH
- `message(STATUS` emits the `-- <message>` form ([message](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/command/message.html#general-messages))
- Setting `dx2_SOURCE` takes priority over the presence of a dx2 folder now, otherwise it'd be ignored if you had explicitly tried to use a different one with the folder present
- I've co-opted the variable that FetchContent_MakeAvailable sets (`dx2_SOURCE_DIR`) to help ensure that the "Found dx2" message is only printed once (e.g. not on reconfigure, which is a bugbear of mine (unless it changes)).
- `add_subdirectory(${dx2_SOURCE} dx2)` needs the extra `dx2` to tell it where to build. Otherwise, **if** `dx2_SOURCE` is outside of the source tree you get the following message:
  ```
  CMake Error at CMakeLists.txt:51 (add_subdirectory):
    add_subdirectory not given a binary directory but the given source
    directory "/scratch/mep23677/tmp/tmp.GpXwqzka3P/dx2" is not a subdirectory
    of "/scratch/mep23677/tmp/tmp.GpXwqzka3P/fast-feedback-service".  When
    specifying an out-of-tree source a binary directory must be explicitly
    specified.
  ```

Reviewer: oh, and I turned on `FIND_PACKAGE_ARGS` on the FetchContent call, so that if dx2 is _installed_ in the local environment that will be picked up before fetching

Reviewer: It might make sense to shuttle all this logic to a Finddx2 module but we can tackle that later if the CMakeLists gets annoying, as I can't remember the interaction between -config and the explicit modules
